well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
president's plans for election night
initially trump had planned on
waiting for the results of one of his
hotels those plans changed
and he's going to be waiting at the
white house
late last night by the time y'all
watched this report started breaking
that
he intended on building a non-scalable
fence or wall
around the white house in lafayette park
this uh caused some concern among a lot
of people
especially so because
yesterday reports also started breaking
that he planned on claiming victory even
if he hadn't won
even if the votes weren't finalized
he just planned on saying he won and
hoping people went along with it
and i i get the calls for concern but
see i read this a different way
i really do you know i've made no secret
of the fact that
i'm not a huge supporter of joe biden
but i really want to see trump lose i
think it's important for the country
that trump lose by landslide
this man this administration
has marginalized people at every turn
has othered people every opportunity
tore the fabric of the american tapestry
apart
for his own political gain from the
moment he started campaigning
it was fear and he drove the country
into this irrational frenzy so much so
that people wanted to build a wall on
the southern border
to cower behind
i think it's incredibly important for
all of those people he slided
and marginalized to see their neighbors
their country
turn out on mass
to reject trump and trumpism
i i think that's really important
and i think it's incredibly poetic
that while that's hopefully happening
the president will be waiting
behind a wall
i know there's other concerns
but while history is written
to showcase those at the top
that's how history's told you know
it's always told from the point of view
of these great leaders
history isn't really made that way
though
it's made by average people
washington didn't win the revolutionary
war
a whole bunch of people we will never
know the names of did
was their action
and i think
that if
the people of this country reject
trump and trumpism it'll put us back on
the right path
it will help bring this nation back
together
partially because we won't have somebody
intentionally trying to divide it for
their own benefit
but beyond that all of those people
who for the last four years saw
news of americans cheering on
them being marginalized them being
othered them being pushed to the side
they get to see that
that was blown out of proportion that it
wasn't
really half of the country
who opposed them as individuals
i think that's important i think it's
one of the
most important things that's that's on
the table right now
is the rejection of the idea that this
country
can marginalize large portions of its
population
we're trying to get away from that
that's the goal we're trying to build
a better country not go backwards
so hopefully that's what's going to
happen
now while you're waiting to find out
what's going gonna happen
i will tell you while the results are
coming back
i'm gonna be live streaming don't know
how long somebody told me it's gonna be
like seven
hours we'll find out i'm gonna try to do
it the whole time
the team that is helping me with the
second channel
almost all of them are uh going to be
here
so it should go smoother we're going to
cover any breaking events we're going to
talk about which states are going what
direction
all of that stuff and we'll have people
uh
helping to organize the questions which
should make things move a little bit
smoother so make sure you tune
in for that that's going to be on
youtube if you're watching this
somewhere else
at the end of the day america's long
national nightmare may finally be coming
to a close
but uh we've still got a little bit of
time to wait to see
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day